# Development

## Generate Plugin Command

Generate the given console command for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:command CreateDemoCommand
```

## Generate Plugin Migration

Generate a migration for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:migration create_demos_table
```

## Generate Plugin Seed

Generate the given seed name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:seed seed_fake_demos
```

## Generate Plugin Factory

Generate the given database factory for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:factory FactoryName
```

## Generate Plugin Provider

Generate the given service provider name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:provider DemoServiceProvider
```

## Generate Plugin Controller

Generate a controller for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:controller PostsController
```

## Generate Plugin Model

Generate the given model for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:model Post
```

Optional options:

- `--fillable=field1,field2`: set the fillable fields on the generated model
- `--migration`, `-m`: create the migration file for the given model

## Generate Plugin Middleware

Generate the given middleware name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:middleware CanReadPostsMiddleware
```

## Generate Plugin DTO

Generate a [DTO(data transfer object)](../dto/) for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:dto VerifySignDTO
```

## Generate Plugin Mail

Generate the given mail class for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:mail SendWeeklyPostsEmail
```

## Generate Plugin Notification

Generate the given notification class name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:notification NotificationAdminOfNewComment
```

## Generate Plugin Listener

Generate the given listener for the specified plugin. Optionally you can specify which event class it should listen to. It also accepts a `--queued` flag allowed queued event listeners.

```php
fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost

fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost --event=PostWasCreated

fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost --event=PostWasCreated --queued
```

## Generate Plugin Request

Generate the given request for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:request CreatePostRequest
```

## Generate Plugin Event

Generate the given event for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:event BlogPostWasUpdated
```

## Generate Plugin Job

Generate the given job for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:job JobName

//A synchronous job class
fresns make:job JobName --sync
```

## Generate Plugin Policy

Generate the given policy class for the specified plugin.

The `Policies` is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.policies` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:policy PolicyName
```

## Generate Plugin Rule

Generate the given validation rule class for the specified plugin.

The `Rules` folder is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.rules` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:rule ValidationRule
```

## Generate Plugin Resource

Generate the given resource class for the specified plugin. It can have an optional --collection argument to generate a resource collection.

The `Transformers` folder is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.resource` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:resource PostResource

fresns make:resource PostResource --collection
```

## Generate Plugin Test

Generate the given test class for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:test EloquentPostRepositoryTest
```

## Generate Plugin Schedule Provider

Generate a console service provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:console-provider
```

## Generate Plugin Event Provider

Generate a event provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:event-provider
```

- You need to add it yourself to the `providers` parameter of `plugin.json`.

## Generate Plugin SQL Provider

Generate a sql provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:sql-provider
```

- You need to add it yourself to the `providers` parameter of `plugin.json`.

## Generate Plugin Exception Provider

Generate a exception provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:exception-provider
```

## Generate Plugin Command Word Provider

Generate a [cmd word service provider](../command-word/) for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:cmdword-provider
```

- You need to add it yourself to the `providers` parameter of `plugin.json`.
