# 开发指令

## 生成插件 Command

Generate the given console command for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:command CreateDemoCommand
```

## 生成插件 Migration

Generate a migration for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:migration create_demos_table
```

## 生成插件 Seed

Generate the given seed name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:seed seed_fake_demos
```

## 生成插件 Factory

Generate the given database factory for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:factory FactoryName
```

## 生成插件 Provider

Generate the given service provider name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:provider DemoServiceProvider
```

## 生成插件 Controller

Generate a controller for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:controller PostsController
```

## 生成插件 Model

Generate the given model for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:model Post
```

Optional options:

- `--fillable=field1,field2`: set the fillable fields on the generated model
- `--migration`, `-m`: create the migration file for the given model

## 生成插件 Middleware

Generate the given middleware name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:middleware CanReadPostsMiddleware
```

## 生成插件 DTO

Generate a [DTO(data transfer object)](../dto/) for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:dto VerifySignDTO
```

## 生成插件 Mail

Generate the given mail class for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:mail SendWeeklyPostsEmail
```

## 生成插件 Notification

Generate the given notification class name for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:notification NotificationAdminOfNewComment
```

## 生成插件 Listener

Generate the given listener for the specified plugin. Optionally you can specify which event class it should listen to. It also accepts a `--queued` flag allowed queued event listeners.

```php
fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost

fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost --event=PostWasCreated

fresns make:listener NotificationUsersOfANewPost --event=PostWasCreated --queued
```

## 生成插件 Request

Generate the given request for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:request CreatePostRequest
```

## 生成插件 Event

Generate the given event for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:event BlogPostWasUpdated
```

## 生成插件 Job

Generate the given job for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:job JobName

//A synchronous job class
fresns make:job JobName --sync
```

## 生成插件 Policy

Generate the given policy class for the specified plugin.

The `Policies` is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.policies` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:policy PolicyName
```

## 生成插件 Rule

Generate the given validation rule class for the specified plugin.

The `Rules` folder is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.rules` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:rule ValidationRule
```

## 生成插件 Resource

Generate the given resource class for the specified plugin. It can have an optional --collection argument to generate a resource collection.

The `Transformers` folder is not generated by default when creating a new plugin. Change the value of `paths.generator.resource` in `plugins.php` to your desired location.

```php
fresns make:resource PostResource

fresns make:resource PostResource --collection
```

## 生成插件 Test

Generate the given test class for the specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:test EloquentPostRepositoryTest
```

## 生成插件任务调度提供者

Generate a console service provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:console-provider
```

## 生成插件命令字提供者

Generate a [cmd word service provider](../command-word/) for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:cmd-word-provider
```

- You need to add it yourself to the `providers` parameter of `plugin.json`.

## 生成插件事件服务提供者

Generate a event provider for specified plugin.

```php
fresns make:event-provider
```

- You need to add it yourself to the `providers` parameter of `plugin.json`.
